    Coddepen Link: https://codepen.io/Edouglas1/pen/Powwmop?editors=1100 

    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML is the use of HTML markup to reinforce the semantics, or meaning, of the information in webpages and web applications rather than merely to define its presentation or look.
    2. What is HTML used for? It is used for structuring and creating web pages that are displayed on internet
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute is a characteristic and we put it in the start tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? H1 is used to signify the most important heading. H1 tags should only be used once. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. "img" and “a”
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? The HTML <head> tag represents the head section of the HTML document. The <head> element can contain other HTML tags that contain metadata. Metadata provides information about the document such as title, description, keywords etc.
    7. What is an id? ID is a unique identifier that can only be used once. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any element. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Only once. 
    10. What is a class? Class is a unique identifier that can be applied to multiple places. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? Multiple times. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? Just add a target="_blank" attribute to your links (anchor tags).
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it 
    15. How do I reference an id? By using (#).
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters, headers, footers, or any other sections of the document. The <div> tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document. 
    17. What is CSS used for? To make your web-page “pretty”.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. You can select all of the <h2> tags in your webpage by using the element selector h2.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. The only difference between them is that “id” is unique in a page and can only apply to one element, while “class” selector can apply to multiple elements.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? With a (.). 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. This is useful when matching elements that are direct children of other elements.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? Use the .class selector for the div element. 
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A CSS pseudo-class is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element(s). 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?  We use the line-height property in CSS to change the spacing between lines.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? We use letter-spacing: normal, (px), (em) to change the spacing between letters. 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: capitalize; text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border:1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? The * selector selects all elements.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? You start a comment with /* , and end it with */ .
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? We use pwc.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? We use List.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? We use RM (remove). We have to be careful because once you remove it can’t be undone.  
    34. Why should I use version control? Version control systems can solve the problem of reviewing and retrieving previous changes and allow single files to be used rather than duplicated.
    35. How often should I commit to github? As often as possible. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?  We use git push.
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.  
            Steps:
            FORK 
            Add your TL as a collab (under settings)
            Clone git clone <url> (you will need to cd into the place on your computer that you want this file to go before you do this step ie the desktop)
            cd into your project
            create a branch git checkout -b "first-lastname"
            git add .
            git commit -m "helpful commit message"
            git push -u origin branch-name
            create a pull request




code-pen link: https://codepen.io/Edouglas1/pen/Powwmop?editors=1100 
